A spectre is haunting Europe: the spectre of Communism. Where is the party in
opposition that has not been decried as communistic by its opponents in power?
Where is the opposition that has not hurled back the branding reproach of
Communism, against the more advanced opposition parties, as well as against
its reactionary adversaries?
The bourgeoisie has stripped of its halo every occupation hitherto honoured and
looked up to with reverent awe. It has converted the physician, the lawyer, the
priest, the poet, the man of science, into its paid wage-labourers.
The bourgeoisie has torn away from the family its sentimental veil, and has
reduced the family relation to a mere money relation.
The bourgeoisie has disclosed how it came to pass that the brutal display of
vigour in the Middle Ages, which Reactionists so much admire, found its fitting
complement in the most slothful indolence. It has been the first to shew what man’s
activity can bring about.
We see then: the means of production and of exchange on whose foundation the
bourgeoisie built itself up, were generated in feudal society. At a certain stage in the
development of these means of production and of exchange, the conditions under
which feudal society produced and exchanged, the feudal organisation of agriculture
and manufacturing industry, in one word, the feudal relations of property became
no longer compatible with the already developed productive forces; they became so
many fetters. They had to be burst asunder; they were burst asunder.
In proportion as the bourgeoisie, i.e., capital, is developed, in the same
proportion is the proletariat, the modern working-class, developed, a class of
labourers, who live only so long as they find work, and who find work only so long as
their labour increases capital. These labourers, who must sell themselves
piecemeal, are a commodity, like every other article of commerce, and are
consequently exposed to all the vicissitudes of competition, to all the fluctuations of
the market.
Owing to the extensive use of machinery and to division of labour, the work of
the proletarians has lost all individual character, and, consequently, all charm for
the workman. He becomes an appendage of the machine, and it is only the most
simple, most monotonous, and most easily acquired knack, that is required of him.
This organisation of the proletarians into a class, and consequently into a
political party, is continually being upset again by the competition between the
workers themselves. But it ever rises up again, stronger, firmer, mightier. It
compels legislative recognition of particular interests of the workers, by taking
advantage of the divisions among the bourgeoisie itself. Thus, the ten-hours’-bill in
England was carried.
Finally, in times when the class-struggle nears the decisive hour, the process of
dissolution going on within the ruling class, in fact within the whole range of old
society, assumes such a violent, glaring character, that a small section of the ruling
class cuts itself adrift, and joins the revolutionary class, the class that holds the
future in its hands. Just as, therefore, at an earlier period, a section of the nobility
went over to the bourgeoisie, so now a portion of the bourgeoisie goes over to the
proletariat, and in particular, a portion of the bourgeois ideologists, who have raised
themselves to the level of comprehending theoretically the historical movement as a
whole.
Of all the classes that stand face to face with the bourgeoisie to-day, the
proletariat alone is a really revolutionary class. The other classes decay and
finally disappear in the face of modern industry; the proletariat is its special and essential
product.
The dangerous class, the social scum, that passively rotting mass thrown off
by the lowest layers of the old society, may, here and there, be swept into the
movement by a proletarian revolution; its conditions of life, however, prepare it far
more for the part of a bribed tool of reactionary intrigue.
All previous historical movements were movements of minorities, or in the
interest of minorities. The proletarian movement is the self-conscious, independent
movement of the immense majority, in the interest of the immense majority. The
proletariat, the lowest stratum of our present society, cannot stir, cannot raise itself
up, without the whole superincumbent strata of official society being sprung into
the air.
Every form of society has been based on the antagonism of oppressing and
oppressed classes.
The essential condition for the existence, and for the sway of the bourgeois
class, is the formation and augmentation of capital; the condition for capital is
wage-labour. Wage-labour rests exclusively on competition between the labourers.
The advance of industry, whose involuntary promoter is the bourgeoisie, replaces
the isolation of the labourers, due to competition, by their revolutionary
combination, due to association. The development of Modern Industry, therefore,
cuts from under its feet the very foundation on which the bourgeoisie produces and
appropriates products. What the bourgeoisie therefore produces, above all, are its
own grave-diggers. Its fall and the victory of the proletariat are equally inevitable.
The Communists are distinguished from the other working class parties by this
only: In the national struggles of the proletarians of the different countries, they
point out and bring to the front the common interests of the entire proletariat,
independently of all nationality. In the various stages of development which the
struggle of the working class against the bourgeoisie has to pass through, they
always and everywhere represent the interests of the movement as a whole.
The Communists, therefore, are on the one hand, practically, the most
advanced and resolute section of the working class parties of every country, that
section which pushes forward all others; on the other hand, theoretically, they have
over the great mass of the proletariat the advantage of clearly understanding the
line of march, the conditions, and the ultimate general results of the proletarian
movement.
All property relations in the past have continually been subject to historical
change consequent upon the change in historical conditions.
The distinguishing feature of Communism is not the abolition of property
generally, but the abolition of bourgeois property. But modern bourgeois private
property is the final and most complete expression of the system of producing and
appropriating products, that is based on class antagonisms, on the exploitation of
the many by the few.
The theory of the Communists may be summed up in the single sentence:
Abolition of private property.
We Communists have been reproached with the desire of abolishing the right of
personally acquiring property as the fruit of a man’s own labour, which property is
alleged to be the ground work of all personal freedom, activity and independence.
Hard-won, self-acquired, self-earned property! Do you mean the property of
petty artizan and of the small peasant, a form of property that preceded the
bourgeois form? There is no need to abolish that; the development of industry has to
a great extent already destroyed it, and is still destroying it daily.
Or do you mean modern bourgeois private property?
But does wage-labour create any property for the labourer? Not a bit. It creates
capital, i.e., that kind of property which exploits wage-labour, and which cannot
increase except upon condition of begetting a new supply of wage-labour for fresh
exploitation. Property, in its present form, is based on the antagonism of capital and
wage-labour. Let us examine both sides of this antagonism.
To be a capitalist, is to have not only a purely personal, but a social status in
production. Capital is a collective product, and only by the united action of many
members, nay, in the last resort, only by the united action of all members of society,
can it be set in motion.
Capital is therefore not only a personal, it is a social power.
When, therefore, capital is converted into common property, into the property of
all members of society, personal property is not thereby transformed into social
property. It is only the social character of the property that is changed. It loses its
class-character.
In bourgeois society, living labour is but a means to increase accumulated
labour. In Communist society, accumulated labour is but a means to widen, to
enrich, to promote the existence of the labourer.
In bourgeois society, therefore, the past dominates the present; in communist
society, the present dominates the past. In bourgeois society, capital is independent
and has individuality, while the living person is dependent and has no
individuality.
And the abolition of this state of things is called by the bourgeois, abolition of
individuality and freedom! And rightly so. The abolition of bourgeois individuality,
bourgeois independence, and bourgeois freedom is undoubtedly aimed at.
By freedom is meant, under the present bourgeois conditions of production, free
trade, free selling and buying.
Communism deprives no man of the power to appropriate the products of
society: all that it does is to deprive him of the power to subjugate the labour of
others by means of such appropriations.
All objections urged against the Communistic mode of producing and
appropriating material products, have, in the same way, been urged against the
Communistic mode of producing and appropriating material products, have, in the
same way, been urged against the Communistic modes of producing and
appropriating intellectual products. Just as, to the bourgeois, the disappearance of
class property is the disappearance of production itself, so the disappearance of
class culture is to him identical with the disappearance of all culture.
But you Communists would introduce community of women, screams the whole
bourgeoisie in chorus.
The bourgeois sees his wife a mere instrument of production. He hears that the
instruments of production are to be exploited in common, and, naturally, can come
to no other conclusion, than that the lot of being common to all will likewise fall to
the women.
He has not even a suspicion that the real point aimed at is to do away with
the status of women as mere instruments of production.
Our bourgeois, not content with having the wives and daughters of their
proletarians at their disposal, not to speak of common prostitutes, take the greatest
pleasure in seducing each others' wives.
Bourgeois marriage is in reality a system of wives in common and thus, at the
most, what the Communists might possibly be reproached with, is that they desire
to introduce, in substitution for a hypocritically concealed, an openly legalised
system of free love. For the rest, it is self-evident, that the abolition of the present
system of production must bring with it the abolition of community of women
springing from that system, i.e., of prostitution both public and private.
The working men have no country. We cannot take from them what they have
not got. Since the proletariat must first of all acquire political supremacy, must rise
to be the leading class of the nation, must constitute itself the nation, it is, so far,
itself national, though not in the bourgeois sense of the word.
The charges against Communism made from a religious, a philosophical, and,
generally, from an ideological standpoint, are not deserving of serious examination.
The Communist revolution is the most radical rupture with traditional
property-relations; no wonder that its development involves the most radical
rupture with traditional ideas.
The feudal aristocracy was not the only class that was ruined by the
bourgeoisie, not the only class whose conditions of existence pined and perished in
the atmosphere of modern bourgeois society. The mediæval burgesses and the small
peasant proprietors were the precursors of the modern bourgeoisie. In those
countries which are but little developed, industrially and commercially, these two
classes still vegetate side by side with the rising bourgeoisie.
The Communists fight for the attainment of the immediate aims, for the
enforcement of the momentary interests of the working class; but in [the] movement
of the present, they also represent and take care of the future of that movement. In
France the Communists ally themselves with the Social-Democrats, against the
conservative and radical bourgeoisie, reserving, however, the right to take up a
critical position in regard to phases and illusions traditionally handed down from
the great Revolution.
Working men of all countries, unite!
