When we once get at what is back of the things, we know we are safe; when we have got at the fact that the rod is too weak against our obduracy, then we no longer fear it, we have out-grown it.
Mind is the name of the first self-discovery, the first undeification of the divine; of the uncanny, the spooks, the powers above. Our fresh feeling of youth, this feeling of self, now defers to nothing; the world is discredited, for we are above it, we are mind. 
For all that, we were already thinking when we were children, only our thoughts were not eshless, abstract, absolute, NOTHING BUT THOUGHTS, a heaven in themselves, a pure world of thought, logical thoughts. 
Yes, the whole world is haunted! Only is haunted? Nay, it itself “walks,” it is uncanny through and through, it is the wandering seeming-body of a spirit, it is a spook.
To this day the Jews, those precocious children of antiquity, have got no farther; and with all the subtlety and strength of their prudence and understanding, which easily becomes master of things and forces them to obey it, they cannot discover spirit, which takes no account whatever of things.
Pushed to this extremity of disinterested warmheartedness, we must  nally become conscious that the spirit, which alone the Christian loves, is nothing; in other words, that the spirit is — a lie.
But whom do you think of under the name of egoist? A man who, instead of living to an idea, a spiritual thing, and sacrificing to it his personal advantage, serves the latter. A good patriot brings his sacrifice to the altar of the fatherland; but it cannot be disputed that the fatherland is an idea, since for beasts incapable of mind, or children as yet without mind, there is no fatherland and no patriotism.
Since the spirit appeared in the world, since the Word became flesh, since then the world has been spiritualized, enchanted, a spook.
But to you the whole world is spiritualized, and has become an enigmatical ghost; therefore do not wonder if you likewise find in yourself nothing but a spook.
But you, who let yourself be filled and led by this sacred thing, are yourself hallowed.
If one should smile compassionately at the whole struggle over a highest essence, as a Christian might at the war of words between a Shiite and a Sunnite or between a Brahman and a Buddhist, then the hypothesis of a highest essence would be null in his eyes, and the conflict on this basis an idle play.
What haunts the universe, and has its occult, incomprehensible being there, is precisely the mysterious spook that we call highest essence. And to get to the bottom of this spook, to comprehend it, to discover reality in it, to prove the existence of God — this task men set to themselves for thousands of years; with the horrible impossibility, the endless Danaid-labor, of transforming the spook into a non-spook, the unreal into something real, the spirit into an entire and corporeal person — with this they tormented themselves to death. Behind the existing world they sought the thing in itself, the essence; behind the thing they sought the un-thing.
The longing to make the spook comprehensible, or to realize non-sense, has brought about a corporeal ghost, a ghost or spirit with a real body, an embodied ghost. How the strongest and most talented Christians have tortured themselves to get a conception of this ghostly apparition! But there always remained the contradiction of two natures, the divine and human, the ghostly and sensual; there remained the most wondrous spook, a thing that was not a thing. Never yet was a ghost more soul torturing, and no shaman, who pricks himself to raving fury and nerve-lacerating cramps to conjure a ghost, can endure such soul-torment as Christians suffered from that most incomprehensible ghost.
God has become man, but now man is himself the gruesome spook which he seeks to get back of, to exorcise, to fathom, to bring to reality and to speech; man is — spirit.
Take notice how a moral man behaves, who today often thinks he is through with God and throws off Christianity as a bygone thing. If you ask him whether he has ever doubted that the copulation of brother and sister is incest, that monogamy is the truth of marriage, that filial piety is a sacred duty, then a moral shudder will come over him at the conception of one’s being allowed to touch his sister as wife also. And whence this shudder? Because he believes in those moral commandments. This moral faith is deeply rooted in his breast. Much as he rages against the pious Christians, he himself has nevertheless as thoroughly remained a Christian — to wit, a moral Christian. In the form of morality Christianity holds him a prisoner, and a prisoner under faith. Monogamy is to be something sacred, and he who may live in bigamy is punished as a criminal; he who commits incest suffers as a criminal.
The value of me cannot possibly be rated high so long as the hard diamond of the not-me bears so enormous a price as was the case both with God and with the world. The not-me is still too stony and indomitable to be consumed and absorbed by me; rather, men only creep about with extraordinary bustle on this immovable entity, on this substance, like parasitic animals on a body from whose juices they draw nourishment, yet without consuming it.
Through the heaven of culture man seeks to isolate himself from the world, to break its hostile power.
And are these self-sacrificing people perchance not selfish, not egoist? As they have only one ruling passion, so they provide for only one satisfaction, but for this the more strenuously, they are wholly absorbed in it. their entire activity is egoistic, but it is a one-sided, unopened, narrow egoism; it is possessedness.
When I had exalted myself to be the owner of the world, egoism had won its first complete victory, had vanquished the world, had become worldless, and put the acquisitions of a long age under lock and key.
All wisdom of the ancients is the science of the world, all wisdom of the moderns is the science of God.
The heathen got through with the world; but now the thing was to get through with self, the spirit, too; to become spiritless or godless.
The case with regard to the spirit corresponds. When I have degraded it to a spook and its control over me to a cranky notion, then it is to be looked upon as having lost its sacredness, its holiness, its divinity, and then I use it, as one uses nature at pleasure without scruple.
Free competition means nothing else than that every one can present himself, assert himself, fight against another. Of course the feudal party set itself against this, as its existence depended on an absence of competition. The contests in the time of the Restoration in France had no other substance than this — that the bourgeoisie was struggling for free competition, and the feudalists were seeking to bring back the guild system.
The State rests on the slavery of labor. If labor becomes free the State is lost.
What a difference between freedom and ownness! One can get rid of a great many things, one yet does not get rid of all; one becomes free from much, not from everything.
The labourers have the most enormous power in their hands, and if they once became thoroughly conscious of it and used it, nothing would withstand them; they would only have to stop labor, regard the product of labor as theirs, and enjoy it. This is the sense of the labor disturbances which show themselves here and there.  Before the supreme proprietor we all become equal — ragamuffins. For the present, one is still in another’s estimation a ragamuffin, a have-nothing; but then this estimation ceases. We are all ragamuffins together, and as the aggregate of Communistic society we might call ourselves a ragamuffin crew.
The reflections and conclusions of Communism look very simple. As matters lie at this time — in the present situation with regard to the State, therefore — some, and they the majority, are at a disadvantage compared to others, the minority. In this state of things the former are in a state of prosperity, the latter in state of need. Hence the present state of things, the State itself, must be done away with. And what in its place? Instead of the isolated state of prosperity — a general state of prosperity, a prosperity of all.
Communism really procures them for each one, presses them upon him, and compels him to acquire them. It takes seriously the idea that, because only spiritual and material goods make us men, we must unquestionably acquire these goods in order to be man. The commonalty made acquisition free; Communism compels to acquisition, and recognizes only the acquirer, him who practices a trade. It is not enough that the trade is free, but you must take it up.
That society is no ego at all, which could give, bestow, or grant, but an instrument or means, from which we may derive benefit; that we have no social duties, but solely interests for the pursuance of which society must serve us; that we owe society no sacrifice, but, if we sacrifice anything, sacrifice it to ourselves — of this the Socialists do not think, because they — as liberals — are imprisoned in the religious principle, and zealously aspire after a sacred society, the State.
Society, from which we have everything, is a new master, a new spook, a new supreme being, which takes us into its service and allegiance!
But, if every door is to be bolted against egoism, it would be necessary to strive after completely disinterested action, total disinterestedness. This alone is human, because only Man is disinterested, the egoist always interested.
And, further, do you not notice that your disinterestedness is again, like religious disinterestedness, a heavenly interestedness?
The men of the future will yet fight their way to many a liberty that we do not even miss. What do you need that later liberty for?
In the first place, I answer, one cannot be either a Jew or a man at all, if one and Jew or man are to mean the same; one always reaches beyond those specifications, and — let Isaacs be ever so Jewish — a Jew, nothing but a Jew, he cannot be, just because he is this Jew.
It is believed that one cannot be more than man. Rather, one cannot be less!
But, although the individual is not Man, Man is yet present in the individual, and like every spook and everything divine, has its existence in him.
Very good! I do not want to have or be anything especial above others, I do not want to claim any prerogative against them, but — I do not measure myself by others either, and do not want to have any right whatever. I want to be all and have all that I can be and have.
But to me you are only what you are for me — to wit, my object; and because my object, therefore my property.
Let us then take both for what they give themselves out for, non-egoists, and what they take each other for, egoists. They are egoists and are not.
The egoism of property has given up the last that it had to give when even the My God has become senseless; for God exists only when he has at heart the individual’s welfare, as the latter seeks his welfare in him.
Social liberalism abolishes the inequality of possession, of the poor and rich, and makes people possessionless or propertyless. Property is withdrawn from the individual and surrendered to ghostly society.
The most oppressive spook is Man.
He who is infatuated with Man leaves persons out of account so far as that infatuation extends, and floats in an ideal, sacred interest. Man, you see, is not a person, but an ideal, a spook.
You see in me not me, the bodily man, but an unreal thing, the spook, a Man.
But, if the spirit, which is not regarded as the property of the bodily ego but as the proper ego itself, is a ghost, then the Man too, who is not recognized as my quality but as the proper I, is nothing but a spook, a thought, a concept.
Men that are not men, what should they be but ghosts? Every real man, because he does not correspond to the concept of man, or because he is not a generic man, is a spook.
Man is the last evil spirit or spook, the most deceptive or most intimate, the craftiest liar with honest mien, the father of lies.
No, you creep around to gain the spook over to yourselves, that it may fight on your side: you woo for the ghost’s favor. Another would simply ask thus: Do I will what my opponent wills? 
The fact is that a moral person, be it called people’s party or people or even the Lord, is in no wise a person, but a spook.
The conquerors form a society which one may imagine so great that it by degrees embraces all humanity; but so-called humanity too is as such only a spook; the individuals are its reality.
So far one comes with the spook of society as a moral person.
But you make out of the all a spook, and make it sacred, so that then the all” become the individual’s fearful master.  en the ghost of right places itself on their side.
It must therefore become our own, instead of, as hitherto, serving a spook.
Intercourse resting on essence is an intercourse with the spook, not with anything real.
If the most prolific misunderstanding of thousands of years were not in ambush behind it, if this single concept of the little word “possible” were not haunted by all the spooks of possessed men, its contemplation should trouble us little here.
The egoist, before whom the humane shudder, is a spook as much as the devil is: he exists only as a bogie and phantasm in their brain.
