Captain, we're being hit by a field of energetic tachyons penetrating the hull.
Location, deck ten, forward.  The added harmonics are blocking the tachyon
field.  Each ship will send out an active tachyon beam to the other blockading
ships. Now, in theory, any cloaked vessel that attempts to pass between our
ships must cross that beam and be detected. There's an increase in tachyon
emissions from the Federation fleet. We think so. Just before we cross the
border, we'll send out a massive tachyon pulse. A burst that large should cause
enough interference to disable a part of their network. There's a disruption in
the tachyon detectors! It's localised to this segment of the net. We're reading
a disruption of the tachyon net in your area. The tachyon signatures will not
last long. By the time the fleet is deployed, it will be too late. Begin to
reconfigure the sensors to detect ionised particle traces. Overlay display with
tachyon emissions. Highlight any tachyon signatures which show subspace inertial
displacement. Concentrate a sensor sweep in that area.  The Borg ship emitted
some kind of high energy tachyon pulse just before we saw the subspace
distortion. It seems as though the conduits are keyed to respond to tachyon
transmissions of a specific frequency. Captain, I'm picking up a tachyon surge.
Looks like whoever's in the shuttle is trying to trigger the transwarp conduit.
I've set up a temporary tachyon matrix in the main deflector. I think I can use
it to simulate the pulse sent by the shuttle. Energising the matrix. Emitting
tachyons in the lower bandwidth. However, it may be possible to modify the main
deflector to emit an inverse tachyon pulse, which could scan beyond the subspace
barrier.  What if we modified the main deflector to emit an inverse tachyon
pulse. That might be able to scan beyond the subspace barrier. That might give
us some idea of what the interior of this thing looks like. I do not believe a
tachyon beam was ever used in such a way. I had no idea you were so versed in
the intricacies of temporal theory, sir.  I believe that if you modify the
deflectors to send out an inverse tachyon pulse, then you'll find that the
anomaly is a rupture between time and anti-time.  Our tachyon pulse has been
unable to completely penetrate the anomaly. If we had information on the centre
of the phenomenon, we might have a basis for speculation.  It appears that our
tachyon pulse is converging with two other tachyon pulses at the centre of the
anomaly. The other two pulses have the exact same amplitude modulation as our
own pulse. It is as if all three originated from the Enterprise.  Intriguing. It
is possible we could've caused the very anomaly we've been looking for. Let us
assume for a moment that the Captain has been travelling through time. Let us
also assume he has initiated an tachyon pulse at the same coordinates in space
in all three time periods. In that case, it is possible that the convergence of
three tachyon pulses could've ruptured the subspace barrier and created an
anti-time reaction.  The anomaly is being sustained by the continuing tachyon
pulses in the other two time periods. I suggest shutting them down.  If we fire
a tachyon burst, it may force him to reset his shield harmonics. When he does,
we can beam him out.  A subspace phase inverter.  Captain, we are picking up a
faint distress signal on an open subspace frequency. It appears to be coming
from an adjacent sector.  They employ a subspace proximity detonator. A normal
tricorder would never detect it.  As the probe went into orbit around Nelvana
Three, it began picking up low level subspace radio emissions. A subspace field
coil with an isolated power source. Curious. That could possibly indicate
subspace transition rebound during transport.  A dimensional jump can create
subspace pressure modulation, Captain. By setting up a magnetosphere echogram
that can monitor each of their movements, we may be able to collect enough data
to trace their power source.  Using multimodal reflection sorting, I have been
able to detect a complex series of subspace signals between Locutus and the Borg
ship.  It is not just a matter of control, Doctor. The signals are interactive
across a subspace domain similar to that of a Transporter beam. I would
hypothesise that these frequencies form the basis of the Borg's collective
consciousness. Expanding analysis parameters. Including Bayesian functions,
broad EM and subspace spectrum polling.  Electromagnetic and subspace wave
fronts approaching synchronisation. Our sensors are unable to determine status
of the Cardassian defensive systems. Their ship is running with a high powered
subspace field. Sir, I should re-align the ship's clock with Starbase four ten's
subspace signal to adjust for the time distortion. Captain, sensors are reading
no particulate emissions or subspace field distortions.  This disturbance is the
result of a highly charged graviton field emanating from our warp nacelles. It
is creating a severe bias in the subspace continuum.  We can only state that a
subspace effect seems to exist within this nebula. After I have made further
analysis, I may be able to adjust the ship's sensors to locate and identify the
anomaly.  I believe it would. During the last hour, I have conducted a
systematic review of the entire Romulan subspace grid. I have compared my
findings with the specifications of your own transmission array. They appear to
be compatible.  Our scientists theorise the Lysians are using an energy wave,
either plasma-based or a subspace interference pattern. The weapon severely
disrupts a starship's computer system as well as the mental functions of its
crew.  The metagenic weapon they were supposedly developing used a theta-band
subspace delivery system. The emergency transporter armbands contain a type
seven phase discriminator. It should be possible to reconfigure their subspace
emitters. The probe does allow Geordi to sense quantum fluctuations, subspace
anomalies, and other phenomenon not perceptible by any other kind of sensors.
There have been reports of warp bubbles and other subspace deformations.  I am
reading unusual subspace energy in your vicinity, similar to what the probe
sensor recorded the first time you encountered your mother.  That's Cochrane
distortion. A fluctuation in the phase of the subspace field. All warp engines
generate that kind of interference.  At the same time, we'll be retuning phasers
to higher EM base emitting frequencies to try to disrupt their subspace field.
Commander, reading subspace field fluctuations from within the Borg ship. Looks
like they're regenerating, restoring power. They could be capable of warp any
minute.  A cosmic string emanates a characteristic set of subspace frequencies
as atomic particles decay along its event horizon. I could use the ship's
parabolic dish to amplify and reflect those frequencies back toward the cluster.
Any subspace projections, z-particle emissions, interferometric frequencies?  We
can create a contained subspace field, but we'd need an extraordinarily
sensitive phase discriminator to get that point zero zero four variance.  I've
modified this tricorder to interface with the subspace generator. It should
allow me to control the phase discrimination, assuming this is going to work at
all. I need everyone within the field. Adjusting synchronic distortion.  The
tetryon emissions have intensified. They seem to be focusing in this direction,
coalescing here. They're reading as a point of subspace energy.  The tetryon
emissions are modulating in a way that looks like somebody's controlling the
energy.  Our current theory is that the Borg have established several transwarp
conduits through subspace. A ship, when entering the conduit, is immediately
accelerated to an extremely high warp velocity. It's like falling into a fast
moving river and being swept away by the current.  We've tried EM radiation,
subspace fields, thermal protons, nothing's worked. They seem to exist in some
sort of interphasic state, just beyond our range of visual and sensor acuity.
The only way we can see them is to use an IP scanner. Tricorders can't even pick
them up.  Somehow, they're able to polarise the graviton field as they move
about. We're caught in the wake.  We think we can close the rupture by
neutralising the tetryon emissions with a coherent graviton pulse. But we'd have
to do that at the source.  If this were a temporal distortion, and if we were
close enough to it, it's possible that a large enough explosion might've
ruptured the space-time continuum. We collided, exploded, then got stuck in this
repeating loop of time.  These look like minute distortions in the space-time
continuum, like the one we saw on Devidia Two.  Matter-anti matter mixture ratio
settings at optimum balance Reaction sequence corresponding to specified norms.
Magnetic plasma transfer to warp field generators per programme specs.
Commander, we should be going like a bat out of hell.  It's a mid-range phase
adjuster. Puts the plasma back into phase after inertial distortion. Intercooler
flux down to five percent. Plasma deviation steady at point seven two. That
would depressurise the cargo bay and suck all of those containers out into
space. At the same time, the lack of oxygen should put out the plasma fire.
This conduit was manufactured on Thanatos Seven using a new interphasic fusion
process. We think it was that process which attracted the organisms to the
conduit where they lay dormant until we activated the warp core. That's also why
we couldn't get the core online. The creatures were disrupting the plasma flow.
I suppose we could increase the anti-matter charges. There are only a few
dilithium fragments left in the holding clamps. Even if we had crystals that
were intact, there's no anti-matter to fuel the drive. Captain, I'm getting an
unusual magnetic flux reading from the anti-matter containment pods. If this
should happen in the engine core or the anti-matter containment tanks, we'll be
in big trouble, Captain.
