Entrepreneurs: Absorb, assess, and then act. Don't negate your own power.
Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it.  Entrepreneurs: Realize
that fear is the exact opposite of faith. Resolve to be bigger than your
problems. Who's the boss?  Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens, you're responsible.
If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.  Entrepreneurs:  Use your imagination.
Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
Entrepreneurs: Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
You're in charge. Everything starts with you.  Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases.
Know everything you can about what you're doing. Then go with your gut. Your
instincts r there for a reason Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. Look
at the solution, not the problem. And never give up!  Entrepreneurs: View any
conflict as an opportunity. Being positive could lead you into a fortunate
situation.  Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself! If you don't, no one else will
either.  Entrepreneurs: You have to have passion. If you love your work, success
will follow.  Entrepreneurs:  Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of
great ideas go nowhere.  Entrepreneurs:  Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the
challenge.  Entrepreneurs: always remember that deals are fluid. Terms are
always negotiable and time can be the best option for success.  Entrepreneurs:
Set the bar high. Do the best you possibly can. Apply your skills and talent,
but above all, be tenacious.  Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate
others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the
problem. Keep your focus positive.  Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind! Business
is a creative endeavor. There are always opportunities and possibilities.
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what
will give results.  If you can’t see it, you can’t make it happen.
Entrepreneurs, chase your dreams with resolute focus and determination. Be
positive!  Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not
the problem.  Entrepreneurs:  Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else
will either.  Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is
not a plateau, it's a beginning.  Entrepreneurs: Do not view any failure as the
final say for your efforts. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the
problem.  Entrepreneurs: Never give up. Be tough. Apply your skills and talent,
but above all, be tenacious.  Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There
are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Entrepreneurs:  Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Know  exactly
what you want and go for it.  Nothing should be haphazard.  Entrepreneurs:
Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who’s the boss?  Entrepreneurs:  Keep
your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Entrepreneurs:  Stay focused and be tenacious. Remain fixed on your goals.
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the
problem.  Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum going! It's a big factor in
sustaining your success. Keep moving forward!  Entrepreneurs:  If you cannot
handle the tough times, you will never be successful in business. Stay positive
and stay strong!  Entrepreneurs: Be prepared and be tough. Cover your bases!
There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared.
Entrepreneurs: Do your best to your utmost ability every day. Make that your
standard.  Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious--and the best way to be
victorious is to be passionate. Find something you love doing!  Entrepreneurs:
Stay focused and be tenacious. Pay attention to people who know what they're
talking about. Stay fixed on your goals!  Entrepreneurs: Get a momentum going.
Listen, apply, then move forward. Do not procrastinate. See opportunity as the
perk that it is.  Young Entrepeneurs: Think Big, Stay Motivated and Always
Remain Confident. The Sky is the Limit.  Entrepreneurs:  Ask yourself "is this a
blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when
hard times hit.  Entrepreneurs:  Have your own vision and stick with it. Don’t
be afraid to be unique. Don’t tread water--get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals, know precisely what you want to achieve.
Then study the best people in your field and learn from them.  Entrepreneurs,
keep this in mind: Entrepreneurs, always remember that every business
relationship can lead to greater deals in the future. Be sure to cultivate
relationships Entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your
employees.Make it an example that will best serve the success of your business.
Entrepreneurs: Pay attention to details. If you don’t know everything about what
you’re doing, you'll be in for some big surprises.  Entrepreneurs: Be cautiously
optimistic.  Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Entrepreneurs:  Believe in yourself. If you don’t, no one else will either.
Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort.  Entrepreneurs:
Another question to ask yourself—“What am I pretending not to see?” There may be
great opportunities right around you.  For Entrepreneurs: A good question to ask
yourself –“What can I provide that does not yet exist?” "Entrepreneurs who
develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire
assets. Focus on assets." -- Midas Touch Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. See
yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. Keep everyone moving forward.
Entrepreneurs:  Don't expect anyone to be on your side. Sometimes we're all in
this alone. So believing in yourself is mandatory.  Entrepreneurs:  Everything
starts with you. Leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge, then be
in charge.  Entrepreneurs: Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right
people. Great leaders determine the teams they assemble.  Entrepreneurs are
visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. Keep that in mind
when looking for opportunities.  Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate
leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.  Entrepreneurs: Be
tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good
business.  Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Entrepreneurs: Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no
path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson Entrepreneurs: Focus on your
goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be
made clear.  Entrepreneurs: Don’t sell yourself short. Don’t ever think you’ve
done it all already or that you’ve done your best.  Entrepreneurs: Keep your
eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being
blind to the negative.  Entrepreneurs:  Review your work habits regularly and
make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact.
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It’s a very empowering
attitude.  Entrepreneurs: Follow your own path—it will bring you to the places
you were meant to be.  Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do
the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.  Entrepreneurs:
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.  Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and
resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?  Entrepreneurs: There's
nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and
acknowledging it is a healthy choice.  Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at
all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Get out there and
go for it!  Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet
exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative!  Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You
can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the
example.  Entrepreneurs: Get--and keep--your momentum going. Without momentum, a
lot of great ideas go nowhere.  Entrepreneurs: Realize that persistence can go a
long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.  Entrepreneurs: Problems are a
mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.  Entrepreneurs: See yourself as
victorious--look at the solution, not the problem.  Entrepreneurs: In the best
negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation
to strive for.  Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else
will either.  Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires
nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.  Entrepreneurs: Remember the
golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your
work count.  Entrepreneurs:  Be tough, be smart, be personable --  but don't
take things personally. That's good business.  Entrepreneurs: Look at the
solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and
possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.  Entrepreneurs:
Be passionate. You have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.  Entrepreneurs:
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a
beginning.  Entrepreneurs: Don't be confined by expectations. There are no exact
rules for negotiation--try to remain flexible and open to new ideas.
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility,
and it's the ideal situation to strive for.  Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger
than your problems. Who's the boss? Don't negate your own power.  Entrepreneurs:
Practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. Know that goals come
with obstacles.  Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur
is not a group effort.  Entrepreneurs: Realize that success requires 100% effort
and 100% focus. Nothing less.  Entrepreneurs: Gain and use information to your
advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.  Entrepreneurs:  See
yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Be tough, be
strong, be tenacious.  Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to
see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.  Entrepreneurs:
Successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. You've got to
know where they're coming from. Pay attention!  Entrepreneurs: When negotiating,
don't be an open book. Know that the only person on your side might be yourself.
Entrepreneurs: Seek opportunity, and see opportunity as a perk. You never know
what will evolve. Keep an open mind!  Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for
yourself. It's a very empowering attitude.  Entrepreneurs: Trust your instincts,
even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.  Entrepreneurs:
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.  Entrepreneurs:  Let your actions show
that you're the best. See each day as an opportunity to show you can do business
at the highest level.  Entrepreneurs: Learn to be succinct. Can you tell someone
your idea in three minutes or less? Be clear and concise.  Entrepreneurs: Set
the example, and you'll be a magnet for the right people. That's the best way to
work with people you like.  Entrepreneurs: See yourself as an organization. Pay
attention to every facet of your life. What's strong? What's weak? What's
missing?  Entrepreneurs: We win in our daily lives by being careful with every
day, every moment.  Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is
even better. Make your work count.  Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees, but
being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Know everything you can about
what you're doing.  Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be
known? Identify that standard and then establish it. Simple, but not easy.
Focus!  Entrepreneurs: A winning attitude will put things in perspective. Keep
negative thoughts and people where they belong--out of the big picture.
Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's
nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.  Entrepreneurs:
Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're
doing.  Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don’t take things
personally. That’s good business.  Entrepreneurs: Don’t ever think you’ve done
it all already or that you’ve done your best. You haven't-- so don't limit
yourself!  Entrepreneurs:  Follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. You
alone know where you really want to go.  Entrepreneurs: Paying attention can be
a cost effective way of protecting yourself.  Entrepreneurs: Look at the
solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go
nowhere.  Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always
opportunities and possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of
them Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Believe in
yourself--if you don't, no one else will either.  Entrepreneurs: Identify your
goals --  and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the
highest level.  Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits and make sure they are
taking you in the right direction. Don't become complacent!  Entrepreneurs:
Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. Remember to focus
on the solution--not the problem.  Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals. Know
precisely what you want to achieve. Have your own vision and stick with it!
Entrepreneurs: Difficulties, mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of
business and life. Remember to keep your equilibrium intact.  Entrepreneurs:
Ignorance is not bliss, it's fatal. It's costly. Pay attention or get crushed.
Watch, listen and learn.  Entrepreneurs:  Pay attention to your negotiation
skills. It's all about persuasion, and persuasion is power.  Entrepreneurs: It's
often to your advantage to be underestimated.  Entrepreneurs: See each day as an
opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.  Entrepreneurs:
Success is good. Success with significance is even better.  Entrepreneurs: Work
on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
Entrepreneurs: Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done
your best. Don't sell yourself short!  Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and
acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your
talents to the surface.  Entrepreneurs: Listen and learn from others, but make
your own decisions. Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering
attitude!  Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing
less than 100% of your concentrated effort.  Entrepreneurs: Be passionate--you
have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.  Entrepreneurs:
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.  Entrepreneurs:  Look at the solution,
not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.  Entrepreneurs: Be a
cautious optimist. I call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Entrepreneurs:  Having a product requires something very important--you have to
think about the market. Do your due diligence.  Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the
ultimate leverage.  Entrepreneurs:  Be curious. Discovery breeds discovery, just
as success breeds success. Don't sell yourself short.  Entrepreneurs:  See each
day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. Take
responsibility for yourself!  Entrepreneurs: Don't put blinders on or limit
yourself. Reach out, seek and explore. The opportunities are always there.
Entrepreneurs: Is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? Keep things in
perspective. Learn to expect problems and keep moving forward.  Entrepreneurs:
Money is not always the bottom line: it can be a score card, not the final
score.  Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and
bring it down to earth where it will do some good.  Entrepreneurs: Remember to
think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net
worth.  Entrepreneurs: Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting
yourself.  Entrepreneurs: Set your mind on winning and losing won't have a
chance.  See yourself as victorious!  Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success
with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be
associated with.  Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be
known? Identify that standard and then establish it.  Entrepreneurs: Knowledge
requires patience, action requires courage. Put patience and courage together
and you'll be a winner .  Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees. But being
ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Do your due diligence!  Entrepreneurs:
Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Don't give in and don't give up!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Listen, apply and move
forward. Set the standard!  Entrepreneurs:  Be tough, be smart, be personable,
but don't take things personally. That's good business.  Entrepreneurs: Don't
tread water. Get out there and go for it.  Entrepreneurs:  Achievers move
forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Entrepreneurs:  Everything starts with you. Realize that you're in charge.
Whatever happens, you're responsible.  Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as
victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Put everything you've
got into what you're doing.  Entrepreneurs:  Use your imagination. Use your
intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.  Entrepreneurs:
Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Business is a creative endeavor. Being innovative = being open to
new ideas. Keep an open mind!  Entrepreneurs:  Be totally focused. Know
everything you can about what you're doing. Give your work 100% of your
concentrated effort.  Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly
defeated.  Hillary just said that she will not use the term "radical Islamic" -
but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of Obama and the e-mails!
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is
strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at!  Hillary and Sanders
are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on
that stage? O'Malley is a clown.  Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the
biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasn't even see through
glass, it was black Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as
possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
Wow, Hillary and Bill are in deep trouble, but don’t worry, my fellow
Republicans will let them off the hook. All talk, no action.  I am really happy
that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower!  I am the BEST
builder, just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican
candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!  I am going to repeal and
replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare.
With Hillary, costs will triple!  Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run
for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S.
Congress. RIGGED!  You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see
that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she
is running for president in what looks like a rigged election The Democrats have
a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan,
always fighting the Republican nominee!  Hillary Clinton failed all over the
world.  Why isn't Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead?  Bernie Sanders gave Hillary
the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten
bigger!  Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by
the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!  Crooked
Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on
Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!  Hillary Clinton just lost
every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers and sm. biz,
by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%.  Hillary Clinton is taking the day off
again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!  Do
people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind
her like I have been doing from the beginning.  Crooked Hillary has been
fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas.
It is time for change.  Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights
away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe
not!  Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary
Clinton?  The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted
media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD Hillary
Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they
know she is all talk and NO ACTION!  Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering
to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!  Just
watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only
one fear-mongering!  Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very
long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you
believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!  Crooked
Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo
guilty. But watch, her time will come!  Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and
paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our
country down the tubes!  Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes,
Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony
money!  Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail
lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!  Crooked
Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent
and of very bad judgement.  Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team "were extremely
careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information."
Not fit!  Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to
mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!  Hillary
Clinton strongly stated  that there was "absolutely no connection" between her
private work and that of The State Department. LIE!  Crooked Hillary is flooding
the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall
Street. Media is protecting her!  Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural
talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision
making ability-zilch!  Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public
and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should
be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.  I would have had
millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one
opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record The Inspector General's report on
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot
be allowed in the WH.  Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with
Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't
have it Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about
jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!  wait times.
Hillary says VA problems are not 'widespread'.  Bernie Sanders is continuing his
quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the
race - e-mail scandal!  Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian
refugees. We can’t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!  How can
Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam,
which horribly oppresses women?  Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be
president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more
years of stupidity!  Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the
school classroom. Wrong!  Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions
unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!  Crooked
Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who
are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!  Crooked Hillary is spending
tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very
dishonest person!  Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd
Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!  Crooked Hillary can't even
close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary.
Four more years of this? No way!  Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I
don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back.
ISIS LAUGHS!  Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still
running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!  Crooked Hillary
has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would
love for her to be president. 4 more years!  I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton
is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie
said the same thing!  I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton!
Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get
it on!  Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their
main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?  Do you
think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky,
she should drop out of race. System rigged!  How can Crooked Hillary put her
husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst
economic deal in US history?  Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be
in charge of the economy. If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the
"energizer" to DC?  Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders.
Will be another bad day for her!  Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad
on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in US
political history Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on
women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China Wow,
30000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do
with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?  If Crooked Hillary Clinton
can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia,
ISIS and all of the others?  Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman’s
card like her friend crooked Hillary. 
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love
watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!  Big wins in
West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is
looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!  Hillary Clinton doesn't have
the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual,
but Hillary is not much better!  Hillary Clinton said that it is OK to ban
Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not OK to do so in the US We
must be vigilant!  TPP does not stop Japan’s currency manipulation and China has
a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!
The Rust Belt was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs
to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!  In Britain, more
Muslims join ISIS than join the British army.  Obama said in his speech that
Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama
profiling?  What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public
meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of Jesus? Oh really, be cool!  It
is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal
immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!  Incompetent Hillary,
despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and
open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!  Hillary Clinton said that it is OK
to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not OK to do so in the US. We
must be vigilant!  The best social program, by far, is a JOB! Our jobs are being
taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader.
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then
Philippines President calls Obama the son of a whore. Terrible!  For China, of
all nations, to search the massive Indian Ocean and pick up the ping from the
black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched As I have long stated, we are
so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the US. market
down. Get smart USA.  Obama’s China 'climate' deal binds America with language
of 'will' curb emissions now while China only 'intends' to curb in 2030. Bad
deal!  Remember, we don't get any oil from Iraq, China gets whatever ISIS hasn't
already taken. So why isn't China sending the troops? Too smart!  Wow, China
exports rise 15% in September. They are laughing at USA!  In a little reported
event, China has just overtaken the United States as the NUMBER ONE World
economic power! Great going Washington!  Thank you New Mexico!  Every day Mexico
continues to hold Sgt Tahmooressi is an insult to our country.  If I were
president Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call.
If not,Mexico would pay a price like never before!  Mexico will pay for the
wall!  Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%!  Great trip to Mexico today  -
wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.  These Islamists chop Americans’ heads
off and want to destroy us. We should be applauding the CIA, not persecuting
them.  The entire country is  FREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of
global warming, and fast! Ice caps size reaches all time high.  Obamacare
premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. And the back-end of the
website does not even work.  From rags to riches, and back to rags!  Believe you
can and you're halfway there.  Obama will send troops back into Iraq combat
zone. Don’t believe anything he says. Just covering for his mistakes.  Focus on
your goals, not your problems. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything.  Rosie is crude,
rude, obnoxious and dumb - other than that I like her very much!  Obama looks
exhausted and beaten. He was never made or prepared for the job. Like it or not,
he doesn't have "it". Control your own destiny or someone else will.  Success
requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.  The man made "climate
change" that our "great" president should be focused on is of the NUCLEAR
variety brought upon us because of weakness!  It's not climate change,it's
global warming. Don't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream
because the first name didn't work Don't let the GLOBAL WARMING wiseguys get
away with changing the name to CLIMATE CHANGE because the FACTS do not let GW
tag to work anymore!  Give me clean, beautiful and healthy air - not the same
old climate change (global warming) bullshit! I am tired of hearing this
nonsense.  As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire, the Obama administration just
submitted a paper on how to stop climate change.
Sorry losers and haters, but my IQ is one of the highest, and you all know
it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure, it's not your fault.
